hyperventilation, nose, pursed lips breathing, breathing into your belly, diaphragmatic breaking
wolfs of wallstreet
best scene of interstellar
wanna be an astronaut
the predator, alien, avatar?
YOIIS yogurt, high quality milk -send it
speed reading
complement
like tiger, caffeinated tiger, de-caffe tiger
I have cracked what happned to last week. 
It was the large coffee I had before having dinner with you.
Because of that coffee, whole of my last week was wasted.
What happned was, due to coffee I had lots of dopamine generated 
and my brain got lot more reward while chatting with you then should have actually needed.
So I went into this illusion that I had one of the best evening of my life with this girl.
On the other hand, your brain just produced a normal domapine coz you had a 'good time'
Its great that you didnt drink coffee, other wise we would have been in illuion of l jaja
I mean dont get me wrong, I had a really good time (without caffine) too, but it had been some time
that I talked to a girl with fluent english, so it was new experince for sometime with lots of positive reward..
and thats where it went wrong.
its remarkable how these chemical changes shape our life.
(Also I did lot of work by spending energy and got the illusion of reward from coffee)
I think this is happening in our modern world. we use drugs to bring our mind in illusion. -->breakups. Only those couples who really
enjoy each others presence stay togerter forever
thats what happens when people date. Guys job is to make girl generate as much as dopamine as possible. SO that her mind gets this illusion,
because in earlier times(and coz we are social beings), there wernt so many interesting things to do. So our brain thinks that the dopamine
(or the reward) is due to the presence of the other guy. So the relationship goes on untill the guy can keep this up. They breakup once
the guy stops putting effort.(I can only analyse from guy's perspective). But the couples who really get dopamines generated mainly due
to being together (no matter what is the enviornment) stay together for a longer time.

Dating tip: setup a date in coffee shop. The guy will probably order coffee and you can order normal caffine free drink. If he asks why
you havent ordered coffee, say you used to drink coffee but now trying to avoid and but you are still addicted to the smell of it,
hence the coffee shop. And see the magic ;)

I short we are living in the modern times where our poor biological brain is being hacked 90% of the times.
So people who go to clubs and concerts have illusion that they are having good time (illusion may not be the right word, its more like
artificial happiness rather than natural happiness for which our brain is designed to).
So next time you date somebody, never drink a coffee (or eat apple). But try that they consume them jaja
but I need to achieve something great so that people can more attention to my theories. Do do some social experiments and publish papers

I share "When Caffinated Tiger met the Bunny" coz you were expereinced it XD, so maybe you can understand
But like you didnt believe my other theories (and sister), no-one else will. Unless I prove them or I become super successful. 

I also have a theory(my own) why yoga and tai-chi is the best form of expersize to increase life expectancy (maybe share with you sometime)
Also the way by which you can force your brain to replay things during brain so that you are better at that next day. After that,

I feel like every sleep is a tool to learn new things quickly and we should make most of it.
the other person
I need to understand it more and one day I'll create the AI

I actually got bussiness idea by this experince (but not ethically right),
make an AI assistant (like siri, google assistant)


So maybe I have to become wmenizer to become good speaker and convincer and leader and to have boosted confidence
